The experience working at this UPS hub can be likened to a prison sentence because that is what you will feel upon entering the hub for the first time. For starter's, communication or lack thereof , is a principle issue as the email you receive after the self-hiring process gives false instructions on reporting to your first day. This is demonstrated by the mentioning of a non-existent guard shack and to promptly bring water expecting to work immediately. As a result, you will find yourself driving in circles around the rather small facility scrambling to find the shack, wasting valuable time in the process. The actual reporting area is behind the warehouse underneath a large roller shutter where there are benches and vending machines, followed by their office on your left. Why this information was withheld for this location is beyond my guess. Water is also unnecessary to bring as you won't even be working the first day. The first day only involves paperwork signatures and physical I-9 documentation which the latter was also never specified in the recruitment email, thus you will find yourself prolonging the process from their ineptitude on transparency. The duration of this process may take up to 2 days or a week if their HR department struggles to complete their task of processing your ID number which in my case, they did. The following week consisted of training videos, none of which coherently explained my role in the warehouse aside from safety procedures. I was given no tour of the facility or any pre-guidance on my assigned position, thus I was left with a rudimentary understanding on how the belt controls functioned or the location of certain totes and smalls bags until I had to pry the surly employees or be contemptuously hollered at management for answers. The hostile supervisors at this location will not be personable, helpful, nor forgiving unless you meet their quota they heavily emphasize on. That emphasis alone explains the difficulty of the work in question as supervisors expect relative consistency such as neatly formed packages unloaded to the belt from the already heavy gravity foldable conveyors in the matter of an hour. Regardless of your physique, your body will be horrendously sore within minutes from lifting these parcels as you're pressed enormously for haste. Overall, you will be overworked nearly every day for the sake of advancement or pleasing your superiors. Neither of which, are worth the abysmal pay of $21 for 2~5 hours weekly in my view. If you have other jobs or responsibilities to attend to, this job will not offer you any flexibility so choose your shifts carefully. There is rarely anything redeeming about working alongside others in this location as many of them appear frustrated, argumentative, irritable, vulgar, vitriolic, or any adjective that can adequate describe wrath and resentment. It was rather disturbing to witness and a ultimately caveat to desert the position. If you are intending to apply for the sake of a job, please bear in mind the arduous nature of it as you will see yourself straining your body daily to meet the company's demands. Ultimately, leaving the company made me realize that hard work is not a golden hammer for everything and berating individuals to be working in this manner constantly for little in return is a place undeserving of your time and energy. If you are desperately searching for employment, consider applying, but understand the aforementioned conditions and adapt if you must. Otherwise, continue to search for more worthwhile opportunities.
